feat: optional vim-mode in prompt input (#384)
dmtrKovalenko/fff.nvim: doc/fff.nvim.txt

        max_results = 100,
        max_threads = 4,
        lazy_sync = true, -- set to false if you want file indexing to start on open

>         vim_mode = false, -- set to true to enable vim-mode in the prompt: <Esc> leaves insert for normal mode (motions like j/k/w/b/0/^), second <Esc> closes the picker

Reviewer: I mean we are in neovim let's name it promp_vim_mode
```suggestion
        prompt_vim_mode = false, -- set to true to enable vim-mode in the prompt: <Esc> leaves insert for normal mode bindings (also allows <leader>p or <leader>l to jump around) the second <Esc> closes the picker
```

Author: sure
